So that's it for taking a look at more content in this particular area of the course.
With many MVCs, you're able to architect more scalable solutions that are maintainable, bring that
knowledge to a large team and be able to collaborate with workflows that are consistent and help futureproof
your project.
Here in this series, we've looked at lots of different types of demo scenes that are all included in
the free git repo.
There's lots of extra content included.
We've got over 10 or 15 sample projects that are included in that free repo, so you can take a look
at them.
So that's it.
Thanks very much and best wishes on your projects.